NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
pod/alertmanager-monitoring-kube-prometheus-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   0          56m
pod/monitoring-grafana-59c6dcddc9-b5b2c                      3/3     Running   0          57m
pod/monitoring-kube-prometheus-operator-58bb8f9d8b-29q2f     1/1     Running   0          57m
pod/monitoring-kube-state-metrics-6dfb79cf88-7rv4b           1/1     Running   0          57m
pod/monitoring-prometheus-node-exporter-bf6tx                1/1     Running   0          57m
pod/prometheus-monitoring-kube-prometheus-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   0          56m

NAME                                              TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                     ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   56m
service/monitoring-grafana                        ClusterIP   10.102.94.246    <none>        80/TCP                       57m
service/monitoring-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   ClusterIP   10.105.170.52    <none>        9093/TCP                     57m
service/monitoring-kube-prometheus-operator       ClusterIP   10.104.167.147   <none>        443/TCP                      57m
service/monitoring-kube-prometheus-prometheus     ClusterIP   10.106.161.44    <none>        9090/TCP                     57m
service/monitoring-kube-state-metrics             ClusterIP   10.103.110.52    <none>        8080/TCP                     57m
service/monitoring-prometheus-node-exporter       ClusterIP   10.105.180.229   <none>        9100/TCP                     57m
service/prometheus-operated                       ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     56m

NAME                                                 DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR            AGE
daemonset.apps/monitoring-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           kubernetes.io/os=linux   57m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/monitoring-grafana                    1/1     1            1           57m
deployment.apps/monitoring-kube-prometheus-operator   1/1     1            1           57m
deployment.apps/monitoring-kube-state-metrics         1/1     1            1           57m

NAME                                                             DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/monitoring-grafana-59c6dcddc9                    1         1         1       57m
replicaset.apps/monitoring-kube-prometheus-operator-58bb8f9d8b   1         1         1       57m
replicaset.apps/monitoring-kube-state-metrics-6dfb79cf88         1         1         1       57m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-monitoring-kube-prometheus-alertmanager   1/1     56m
statefulset.apps/prometheus-monitoring-kube-prometheus-prometheus       1/1     56m
